k8spg-415 Update options.md (#105)
percona/k8spg-docs: docs/options.md

    It means that options in the `parameters` subsection under
    `patroni.dynamicConfiguration.postgresql` will be applied, and everything
    else in `patroni.dynamicConfiguration.postgresql` will be ignored.

## pg_hba

> PostgreSQL Host-Based Authentication (pg_hba) allows to control access to the PostgreSQL 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL Host-Based Authentication (pg_hba) allows controlling access to the PostgreSQL 
```

> database based on the connecting host's IP address or hostname. It is possible to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database based on the IP address or the host name of the connecting host. You can 
```

> configure pg_hba through the Custom Resource manifest through 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure pg_hba through the Custom Resource manifest in 
```
